# Project1
The application domains of sentiments analysis and predictions are considerably versatile, broad, and resilient particularly within the purview of social media. Perhaps, it is because of the fact that it opens a new horizon to subtly analyze the minute and intricate opinion of the general public pertaining to peculiar issues. Nowadays, this field is an indispensable feature of current market research and is also used for the purpose of sorting out the miscellaneous issues coming forth from different segmentations of customer services. It can reveal the fact that what is the mass opinion pertaining to a particular issue, product, incident, or service and can also unveil the viewpoint of the competitors of the institutions or organizations. Indeed, sentiment analysis and prediction renders the efficacy to churn out coherent and meaningful knowledge from the social data of the diversified situations. Owing to its pragmatic use, this phenomenon is frequently implemented and adopted by various institutions and organizations across the globe.        Precisely, developing a tool for automatic analysis and prediction of sentiments is of the utmost importance for various industries including the film industry. Therefore, in this project attempt has been made to categorize and detect different sentiments contained in a collection of English sentences or a large paragraph. Finally, for the purpose of experimentation 'Large Movie Review Dataset' often called as 'IMDB' dataset has been taken for the sake of sentiment analyses and predictions.
